docs/HowToMakeAPage.md, before:

### Creating a new page

All pages must go in pages folder in a folder that makes sense for it.....

First and really important is the [Front Matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/frontmatter/). Each page must have

- layout - which says which layout from \_layout folder to use
- title - just the title of the page as it would appear on html (!TODO MIGHT MOVE THIS FILE)
- permalink - the route that jekyll will use in this repo (export the page might change (!TODO ADD LINK TO EXPORT README HERE))
- data_file - the file in \_data folder to get all information for the page (!TODO ADD LINK TO DATA FILES HERE)
- analytics - boolean that says to use analytics or not. This can be false if exporting to be use on some other domain (basically anything that will not use modulos-design.com)
- favicon - boolean to use favicons or not (!TODO CHANGE THIS WHEN ADD OPTION TO USE OWN FAVICON)

After the front matter is the html code or partials.
if using partials from data file then use the partials partial.

an example of this
  ```html
  ---
  layout: default
  title: Example 1
  permalink: /example1
  data_file: example1
  analytics: true
  favicon: true
  ---
  {% include partials.html %}
  ```

  After you created a page you can make a data file (if you haven't done so) or make coffee, sass, or just create something new.
  (!TODO LINK TO COFFEE, SASS, NEW PARTIALS, AND DATA FILES HERE)

Commit message:

added "dev" only sites using front matter "published" variable only render sites that are for this repo

docs/HowToMakeAPage.md, after:

### Creating a new page

All pages must go in pages folder in a folder that makes sense for it.....

First and really important is the [Front Matter](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/frontmatter/). Each page must have

- layout - which says which layout from \_layout folder to use
- title - just the title of the page as it would appear on html (!TODO MIGHT MOVE THIS FILE)
- permalink - the route that jekyll will use in this repo (export the page might change (!TODO ADD LINK TO EXPORT README HERE))
- data_file - the file in \_data folder to get all information for the page (!TODO ADD LINK TO DATA FILES HERE)
- analytics - boolean that says to use analytics or not. This can be false if exporting to be use on some other domain (basically anything that will not use modulos-design.com)
- favicon - boolean to use favicons or not (!TODO CHANGE THIS WHEN ADD OPTION TO USE OWN FAVICON)
- published - Set to false if you don’t want a specific post to show up when the site is generated. (used for developing websites that will not be published in this repo)

After the front matter is the html code or partials.
if using partials from data file then use the partials partial.

an example of this
  ```html
  ---
  layout: default
  title: Example 1
  permalink: /example1
  data_file: example1
  analytics: true
  favicon: true
  published: true
  ---
  {% include partials.html %}
  ```

  After you created a page you can make a data file (if you haven't done so) or make coffee, sass, or just create something new.
  (!TODO LINK TO COFFEE, SASS, NEW PARTIALS, AND DATA FILES HERE)
